ROS: Embedded Edition Services


Services:

When a service is set up the node will contact the master 
node, using nanomsg's request protocol, through the
masterService.ipc file located in the tmp directory. The 
node will send the name of the service topic to connect to.
The master node sends a file name back to the service. the 
service then connects to this ipc file using nanomsg's 
responce protocol. Next the node waits and listens for any 
service requests. once the request is made the service passes
any funciton perameters to the function, lets it run, then 
sends the return back to the requester. 


Service Requesters:

When a service request is made the node will contact the 
master node, using nanomsg's request protocol, through the
masterServiceReq.ipc file located in the tmp directory. The 
node will send the name of the service topic to connect to.
The master node sends a file name back to the service request
node. The node connects to this new ipc file using the pair
protocol. Once connected the master node will send it a file
path to the service node. The requesting node then connect to
the service over nanomsg's request protocol. Once connected
The requester node then sends any function perameters to the
service. Next the function patiently waits for the service to
complete. After the service completes it send back any return
value to the requester. The requester then terminates the 
connection and exits the function.
